Jenn notes:
There was a woman who came into the club to get the secret formula for a large
population of people. Chris' character said he needed more info and she huffed
off. He followed her and got into a fight with goons. He was aided by Phil's
character.

Brian notes:
In the middle-class neighborhood of Terminal Strip, where the territories of
three of the four nations meet, the Blooming Lotus opium den sits in the shadow
of the westernmost airship tower.  Aerum Steffan Gilios, one of the Lotus’ shift
supervisors, is approached by an Aerish woman named Isabella, clearly out of her
element. She requests a special medicine to treat mental illness. By order of
Madame Lotus herself, customers requesting such services must be "assessed" by
the apothecary. Isabella reveals that the patients she represents are
delusional, stressed, and suffering from an under-studied illness, but she is
unable to divulge more. With neither side willing to compromise, the deal falls
through.  Steffan attempts to track Isabella through the crowded streets, but is
caught by Isabella’s bodyguards.

Emerging from a nearby shop, Kaiyu/Tuyang servant Chen Daiyu sees the
confrontation brewing.  Not liking the odds, she glances around for police.
Spotting none, she launches herself at the goons, knocking one to the ground;
the second goon surrenders. Steffan realizes too late that the surrender was
only a distraction to allow Isabella and the other guard to escape. Steffan
promises Daiyu compensation if she will accompany him and his prisoner back to
the Lotus. Daiyu makes it clear she’s only following him to satisfy her
curiosity.

That night, Naramel heiress Dilar Hanania is escorted from a society function in
the hills to her apartment near the Low Port by her hired chauffeur for the
evening, Aerum airship captain Griff Lewelling. Noticing something amiss, she
pays him to wait. Inside, she finds her study ransacked. Outside, Griff hears
nothing but a string of invectives.

